The Arcanis Character Sheet is a Node.js project. Using Node.js allows for easier set up and you do not need to follow complated instrunction for setting up a web server; as the piramary developer of this project is primarly a webdeveloper the chooice of using a web browser and JavaScript allows him to use the tools he knows.

To install Node.js follow the instrunction on http://nodejs.org/

To install the dependencies which there is one. For basic installation use npm ( node's package manager )

npm install

this will read all the dependencies from package.JSON and install them.

to start the server

$ node ./server/start 8888

to view the results

http://localhost:8888

to send coments please email Edward Grant at themasternone@gmail.com with the subject "Character Sheet"

TODO:
Break up app.js so each segment has its own file and try to refactor to make the code more reuseable.
Loading from a file
Language
Selecting of Talents
	Spells
		Advanced spells
	Weapon Tricks
	Martial Techniques
		Advanced Martial Techniques
Selecting Equipment
	Calculating bulk
04/11/2012:
	version 0.2.2
	More refactoring the modal for selecting attributes and skills from race use the same function to display.
	Selecting attributes from race complete.
	Started selecting languages from race have a dependancy on nation and region.
04/09/2012:
	version 0.2.1
	Added a package.JSON file to better maintain the dependencies.
	Updated the readme with diffrent install instrunction to take advantage of the package.JSON
	Allowed the server to listen to a user defined port

04/06/2012:
	version 0.2.0
	Did some refactoring of the code. Created a util folder where all functions that are not specfic to a given data type will be put. The goal here is to only have data processing in the data's function file and all other functions put in the util's function file to promote reusability.

03/30/2012:
	version 0.1.1
	Saving to a file
		All the currently supported items are serialized and saved to a file. As new items are added they will have to provide methods on how to save the data selected with them.
	Loading from a file
		The file io is complet but there is no processing of the file.